- [Antonnio] You look dumb as hell.
- [Alfred] Okay.
- [Antonnio] You look dumb as hell. - Okay
- And the reason why you
can't find this person
is because I'm Adonis, bitch.
(dramatic music)
- [Antonnio] Yes, I am Adonis.
- [Alfred] Bitch--
- (female gasping)
(beep) Oh my word.
Stop guys, no, no, no, no.
(garage door opening)
- [Nev] What's this?
(dramatic music)
Um, what?
- Hi.
- Ew, what the (beep)?
- Who is this?
- Hi, I'm Joey.
How are you?
- Oh, your name is Joey?
- No, I'm Mikey.
- Oh, your name is Mikey.
- Yeah. -Hi
- Oh my god.
(dramatic music)
So sad.
- [Jane] Hi, Jane.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- [Nev] Wait, you know each other?
- We used to be best
friends back in the day.
- So hold on a second.
What's the, what was
the whole point of this?
- Well, I wanted to
break his heart like I got mine broken.
- Oh, yeah he had this like notion
out of nowhere that I slept with
his now ex-boyfriend.
- Out of nowhere even
though I witnessed it
you know, with my two eyes in person.
- Your boyfriend was
trying to get with me.
You're obsessed with me.
You need to stop (sigh).
- First of all, put your hand
down, it's not that serious.
- No, because I don't want
to (beep) look at you.
- [Mikey] So don't look at me.
- [Mike] What's under your (beep) makeup?
- Look the other way.
There's plenty of space in the world.
- Because this is a reality
show, not a (beep) horror show.
- I can't stand you.
- I can't stand looking at you (laughing).
Oh my god.
- So don't.
- Oh my god.
- Jesus.
Like, don't.
- Oh my god.
(suspenseful music)
- Okay, time out.
- Yeah.
- Mikey, you and Mike had been
pretty good friends and at some point
in your past, you had a boyfriend
and you're pretty sure that that boyfriend
slept or hooked up
- Um, I witnessed it
but he is going to deny it.
So let him, whatever, that's--
- Did you make out with or--
- No, I never did.
He wanted to get with me.
- It doesn't matter.
- I didn't want any part of it.
He groped me and that was it.
I had no part of it.
Not wanting anything
to do with it
- [Mikey] Okay.
- [Nev] All right so, so--
- And then what happened
after that? You left? Or--
- I didn't, I didn't leave the party.
Of course not, but like--
- But it didn't, did it go any further?
- It didn't go any further with him, no.
- But, how long ago was this
that something happened?
- It was like winter.
- Is that when Joey started, winter?
When did Joey start?
- March.
- So your relationship ended
because of what happened
at that party?
- Uh, yeah.
- And then you found him on Grinder
and broke his heart as a sort of revenge.
- Yeah.
(dramatic sound)
- So, who's Joey?
Whose picture is that?
- Some random guy.
- Yeah.
- That I found on Instagram.
I don't even know him.
- Okay.
- I don't know.
I think it's just, it's a sad story.
You went five months talking to me
and it got you nowhere.
I'm still living my best
life ever in California.
You're still here--
- Are you really though?
- I am.
- Is living your best life
living off of sugar daddies?
- I really don't think it's fair
for you to be judging him right now.
You just...
- [Mike] Yeah, you kind of--
- Took five months of his life
- [Joey] Really? - And
kind of up ended it.
- He took my relationship and ended it so,
- Even if I did
- Like if you--
- get with your boyfriend,
it wouldn't matter
because I would have done it much better
than you anyway.
I'm going to beat you at
everything you ever do
for your entire life.
You will always be
uglier, older, disgusting.
- Okay, you're like covered
in like Cheeto dust.
- [Dallas] It better not be him
- Wait, where, how did you, where have you
seen that guy before?
- Just like living in an alley.
- No, seriously?
- [Dallas] I swear it better
not be that (beep) guy.
Don't come over here, dude.
- It look like he's coming over here.
He is walking
back this direction
- (beep) my life, bro.
I swear, y'all are (beep) kidding, bro.
(dramatic music)
- Hello.
- [Tallulah] Hi.
- Oh my gosh, bro.
- [Nev] What's your name?
- William.
- [Nev] William.
- [Tallulah] Hi.
- Hi, Nev.
- [Dallas] Oh, (beep) bro.
- This is Tallulah.
- Hi, I'm Tallulah.
- Nice to meet you.
- [Dallas] Nah, bro.
- So--
- I (beep) knew it was some bull (beep)
but this is beyond me bro
- [Nev] But hold on, wait
let's just get an explain--
so what's going on?
- I saw him a few times
on like, around town
slut walk a few times and
some Amber Rose events.
- [Nev] Okay, so do you,
you have some mutual
social circles
- Yeah, I've seen him
a few times and I was like, you know,
I thought he was a really hot guy
and he's posting all these photos
of his like ass on Instagram and Tumblr
and whatever and I was
with my friend, Safari
and we were on social media drunk
and she was like, "You
should totally DM him,"
and I'm like, "Oh my god, I'm so nervous.
I couldn't do such a thing,
like I don't think he's gay."
She's like, "Well just
look at how he's posting
his photos on Instagram.
He's got an only fans page that he uses
to, you know, target the gay community."
(dramatic music)
- [Nev] Wait a second, only fans.
What's that?
- Dallas is always posting his nudes, um
you can subscribe to his stuff.
- [Nev] And people subscribe
and he'll post special content?
Do you have subscribers?
- Yeah.
(dramatic music)
- And Safari said, "Like,
why don't I just give him my number
- That's stupid bro
- And then it's
really your number."
- Who was he texting with?
- Me.
- [Nev] But then why
approach him as a woman?
- I feel like girls can
make a guy feel comfortable
like, let's say a threesome or foursome
you know, I could have
been that fourth person
in his threesome.
- That's (beep) weird, bro.
I'm sorry.
- So, you asked about a threesome.
He even said he would be down.
Then you suggested the roommate, not you.
- But he was okay with that.
- Why not suggest yourself
and then say, "Okay
Safari, let's go meet him."
Like why not see if it
actually could happen?
- We were going to do that
and then "Catfish" came out of nowhere.
- Okay, so the plan was--
- [William] To eventually get to that
Because these guys are so...
- (exasperated laugh) this is
beyond me, bro.
- Most of his fans are gay.
- But that ain't got
nothing to do with my,
what I like.
- It kind of feels like
you're trying to blame him
for the fact that you lied
and pretended to be something
- No, and it's not lying
I'm not pretending to be someone--
- You've been pretending to
be Safari for two months.
- You a Catfish Catfish, bro.
- [Williams] No... -This is some...
- [Nev] Wait a second,
- [William] No no no no no no no
- [Nev] but surely... wait, but surely you
(exasperated sigh)
understand that it still feels like you...
don't think you did anything wrong.
- I didn't do anything maliciously,
I wasn't asking for money.
- That's true.
- So, if I wasn't doing
done of those things,
I don't feel like in a sense of
I was doing any harm.
We didn't mean for
someone to call "Catfish".
- Just ask me and be
like, "Bro, are you gay?
Do you get down?"
And I would have been like, "No,"
and it would have ended right there.
(dramatic music)
- [Nev] 'Kay, here goes nothin'
(dramatic music continues)
(knocking on door) (garage door opening)
- [Justin] Nev, Nev!
- [Nev] Uh-oh.
- [Cherie] Oh, get me
the (beep) out of here.
No.
(dramatic music)
No, that, nah, absolutely dead
Like I got to be Boo-Boo the fool.
Like, no.
- You really fell for this?
- [Cherie] No.
- [Nev] Who is this?
- No, an old friend of mine
- [Man in Garage] You forgot me right?
who doesn't know his place.
- You forgot me?
- [Cherie] We ready to go?
- [Nev] What's going on?
Who is this guy?
- Somebody I was literally
just old friends with.
- [Nev] What happened?
- [Cherie] Yeah.
- She asked to borrow some money from me
and I haven't heard from her since.
- That is so childish.
- All right, so hold on a second.
What's your name?
- My name's Buddy.
- [Nev] And you guys go back as friends.
- [Buddy] Right
- [Cherie] Only a little bit.
About three or four years,
but we're honestly not that close.
- About five years, since 2012.
- Okay, so you guys were friends.
- Uh-huh, we used to hang out
and talk (beep) together
- And close enough
that you lent her some
money here and there.
- [Nev] About how much do
you think you lent her?
- A couple hundred dollars.
- First of all, I didn't
ask you for anything.
This man blew up my phone one day
and I didn't answer so
he went into my account
and paid my bill and
then told me I need to
pay him back because he
thought that my phone was off.
Now I'm borrowing money from you?
- You definitely asked, you needed help
- You didn't specifically say,
"Can I borrow money?" He just--
- I didn't ask him to pay my bill.
- It said it was off.
- So wait, so what, what did you want?
- I wanted my money back.
That's all this was for.
That's what started Avion.
(dramatic music)
There was several days where she said,
"I'll bring your money this day."
"Oh, my check's funny."
"I'll bring you money this day."
"My commission check's short."
"I'll bring you money this day,"
and it's been months
and I haven't heard a word from you
- Because I'm not
- [Buddy] Because at
- friends with you
- [Buddy] this point
- anymore.
- [Buddy] you're saying it's
- Do you really think
- [Buddy] about being friends
- that the money had something
- [Buddy] It's not about--
- to do with it?
- [Buddy] It has everything
- You're a (beep) friend
- [Buddy] to do with it
on my side when you said
- [Cherie] Like you're all
pressed for our friendship
- on your word
- I don't care
- [Buddy] When you say,
"I have $50 for you
- [Cherie] I don't care.
- [Buddy] On Friday because I owe you
- [Cherie] My word is is
that I don't (beep) with you
- [Buddy] And then I don't hear from you
hear from you and you spent the money.
You spent the lift money to go see
this fake person, but you
couldn't put the money
in your friend's hand.
- You know what I owe you?
A goodbye and a have a
nice mother (beep) day.
(dramatic music)
- Loyda.
- Loyda, I'm Nev.
- Juan.
- Thank you for, uh, having us over.
- Oh, you're welcome.
- Your daughter's been
having a relationship
with Ramon for quite some time now.
He wanted to come over here
and ask you guys some questions
just so we could try
to walk away from this
at least knowing sort
of, the whole picture.
As far as you knew, your daughter was
in a relationship with Ramon.
- Yes.
- [Nev] Did you know that she was
pretending to be somebody else?
- Yes.
(dramatic music)
I was aware of the whole thing.
- This is my sister and
I love her to death,
but Im'ma say it regardless,
Loyda flat out lied to Ramon.
- [Nev] This guy was sending gifts,
very generous gifts--
- [Mother] He wanted to
- [Juan] I just want to--
- [Nev] To a girl who he thought
- [Max] Sure, he wanted to
- [Nev] Right...
Didn't it bother you that there was a guy
who was sending your
daughter lots of things
and he thought he was
sending it to somebody else?
- No, no, no, cut it right there.
When he start sending
her expensive gift like,
for example, the Wii,
Loyda mentioned to me,
"Mommy, I think this is going too far."
She decide to tell him the truth
and he stop her and told her, "I don't
want to hear it."
(dramatic music)
- I didn't want to get
that face out of my head
and uh, everything, that name.
(dramatic music)
Well, they looked at
your page, your real page
and found a picture of
a ring and a message
that looked like it was from me.
- He sent her that ring.
- I never sent her a ring, at all.
- When Loyda open the envelope,
it had your name on it.
You did send that to her, Ramon.
- I never sent her a ring.
- If he's saying he didn't send
it, sorry to tell you Ramon,
somebody pretend to be
him and he doesn't know.
- Loyda, you want to explain
that to your mom for us?
- What?
- How that all happened.
- What happened?
- The ring.
- The ring?
- Ramon gave you money.
- It was birthday money.
- You went online, you
bought yourself a ring,
you mailed it to yourself and
then in front of your mother,
you lied to her and told
her he had sent it to you.
Am I wrong?
- Are you surprised though
that she sent the ring?
- Whatever.
- No, not whatever.
It's important, these
details are important.
- No, whatever.
- You're not really hearing
everything.
- [Mother] Yes I am.
- No you're not.
- [Max] Your daughter's a liar.
- My daughter's a liar?
What about Ramon?
- Ramon has his own issues to deal with
- I can see that.
- [Nev] okay.
And part of what I hope we can do today
is everybody admits their issues.
I encourage you to take this opportunity
to take responsibility
for what you've done.
Same to you, okay?
I'm just here to try and
encourage both of you
to be honest with yourselves.
(dramatic music)
- Why don't we, why
don't we come over here?
- That's Alexis? (sigh)
- So, Nicole... -mm hmm?
- this is Jesus, and you are the person
he's been talking to... Is that right?
- Mm hmm
- Okay...
(dramatic music)
- So what's been going on here
because we got a whole story from Amanda.
Clearly, you're not the
girl in the pictures right?
- No, Amanda made the profile
okay...
- Wait, Amanda made
the profile?
- Amanda made the profile
years ago, she was doing this
and that, she used to be my best friend.
She's not anymore.
- Hold on, so you're
saying that when Jesus
started talking to Alexis, he was actually
talking to Amanda?
- He was talking to her
and then I took over.
- [Nev] How long have
you been the profile?
- Probably talking to
him a little over a year.
- [Nev] So pretty much the whole time.
- Yeah, yeah.
- [Nev] And it was you
in the video chat, right?
- It was me.
- [Nev] Okay, so you are the Catfish.
(dramatic music)
Who's the girl in the Alexis profile?
- That's my cousin,
those are her pictures.
- Oh, you used pictures of your cousin.
- Yes, that's quote unquote, Alexis.
- And she knew you were using her pictures
or not?
- No, Amanda didn't tell
her nothing.
Amanda befriended her like a friend,
you know, "Hey, let's do this together."
I said okay, you know I agreed to it.
- [Nev] And what about this Nicole person?
- [Nicole] That was my daughter, Nicky.
- [Nev] You used pictures
of your daughter?
- Yeah.
- Does your daughter know that
you're using her pictures?
- No...
- [Nev] What about your
other daughter, Alissa
that you told Jesus about?
- Yeah, who's Alissa?
- Alis... That's Amanda's daughter.
- You said it was your daughter.
- Yeah, but don't yell at me.
That's Amanda's daughter.
(dramatic music)
- Oh right, Amanda.
Said you guys got into a big fight
because you sent pictures of her kids
to some guy in prison.
- First of all, she's the one
that gave me the pictures to send to him.
Second of all, Amanda was--
- [Nev] So you did send
pictures of her daughter to
- [Nicole] To nobody
- [Nev] somebody in prison
- [Nicole] in prison.
She was in this the whole time.
I don't know what she's talking about.
- The bottom line is, Alexis is not real.
You're talking for a year
plus to this young man
and the idea was to make a
fake profile to talk to guys
to see if you could get
them to give you money?
- Yeah.
Amanda's being a total bitch
and I hate her right now.
- Enough about Amanda.
You're the one here
who is telling that you
have been scamming lots of guys
pretending to be Alexis, then like
you're the Catfish.
- I'm not innocent, I'm far from innocent,
but don't make me look like
I'm a (beep) bad person.
On (beep) national TV.
Cause I can easily just get
up and walk away real quick
and I won't care.
- So you don't care about him at all?
- I care for him as a friend.
- You guys were saying, "I love you."
- As a friend, you can't
tell a friend you love them?
- Oh, right, but you knew that he was more
in love than just like a friend.
- Yeah, but it was just
like I wanted a friendship.
- You have to care about him if you,
a year is a long time to talk to anybody--
- Really?
I have to when nobody
gives a (beep) about you,
you don't got to care about nobody.
You don't know my life story.
You don't know what I've been through.
I've been through a lot of (beep).
I've been in the foster care,
I've been adopted
- [Jesus] I have too.
- I've been in and out of
jail since I was 11 years old.
Okay, I've gone through a
lot of (beep), okay Jesus?
I've been through a lot
- I have too.
- I've had my ass dragged
from one end to the other
okay, if you don't want to talk to me
at the end of the (beep) day,
oh well, so be it.
I'm still gonna be me.
I'm still gonna move on.
I'm gonna do me and my kids
and that's the bottom (beep) line to it.
And if you believe Amanda,
then you're (beep) dumber
than I thought.-
- [Female Host] Oh my god.
- But you lied.
- [Female Host] I honestly don't believe
anything that you're saying.
(dramatic music)
- I mean, what you did is not okay.
Take some (beep)
responsibility for yourself.
You realize what you're
doing is really (beep) up.
- I'm done, I'm done with this situation.
I'm done, I'm gonna walk away
because I'm about to cuss
your ass out real quick.
So I'm done with this, I
don't want to talk about it.
Thank you.
Okay, I'm already done.
- Just let her be, just let her be guys.
- How you doing?
- I'm doing all right.
- [Nev] Good to see you
- [Woman That Walked Up]
Kind of, feeling nervous.
Good to see you too.
- So we're just waiting
trying to figure out
what the heck's going on here.
It's not you is it?
- No... [Cami] So you're not Jordan?
- No, I'm not Jordan.
- [Cami] You're not
Jordan?
(dramatic music)
- Well, it's two thirty.
- You ain't heard from him?
- No.
- You want to know why
you ain't heard from him?
Because I'm Jordan.
(dramatic sound)
Stupid bitch.
- [Nev] What?
- [Cece] Yeah.
- [Angel] Are you serious?
- [Nev] I don't understand.
So you made the profile.
It's been you the whole time.
- Yep
- Why would you do this for this long?
- It don't matter how
long I been doing it.
You had it coming.
- What did she have coming?
- This girl been stealing
dudes from me for years.
How does it feel because
it don't feel good, right?
It don't feel good.
- [Angel] What is, what is this?
- So, you created the profile
- [Cece] Yes I did.
- To match with her because
you knew she was on Tinder.
- I was eventually gonna tell her,
but she wanted to meet Jordan
so here I am.
- [Nev] Who's, what are
these guys that you stole?
Is that true or--
- I don't know what she's talking about.
- You don't?
Use your brain.
You don't know?
You stole three dudes from me, Angel.
- I didn't steal anybody from you.
- Roy, Troy and Chris.
- What?
- I guess this would have
been like, years ago?
- Yes.
- There were some guys that
you started talking to,
relationships or these
were guys that you would--
- I wasn't in a relationship,
but we were talking and
then they start talking.
These are the people that could
have been potential for me.
Oh, oh, I'm drunk, I'm drunk,
I was sitting on his lap.
That's (beep) you don't do.
Once she was at a party.
She magically appeared on his lap.
It didn't feel good.
- I don't think it's
that unusual for someone
who's 18, 19 to sit on a guy's lap,
like that stuff is... you're young
- Well let's put it like this,
that's (beep) you don't do.
- And that's not cool
and you're right
- That's (beep) I don't do.
- But now the (beep)
you have done is like,
pretend to be your best
friend's boyfriend--
- I can be dumb, she can be dumb too.
- Okay, first of all,
they tried to talk to me
- Okay, just like you said
- [Angel] It's not like I tried to...
- It's the girl code. You
don't do (beep) like that.
- Can you just stop acting stupid?
- How am I being stupid?
- [Angel] Bitch you
better, oh my god (beep)
- I swear,
- [Nev] Hold on, hold on
- [Angel] I'm gonna
knock you the (beep) out
- [Cece] Do it, do it!
- if you don't get out of my face.
- [Cece] Your not gonna do nothing,
you a dumb ass (beep) for talking to
- [Nev] All right, all right
- some stupid ass dude on the internet
- [Nev] Why don't we just--
- [Angel] I'm gonna lay you out.
- You gonna lay me out?
I want you to go right ahead.
- All right all right.
- No one's laying anyone out.
- I want you to
do it right now.
- Stop you guys.
- Laura, why don't you go over there
with Angel
- I'm ready to go.
- [Angel] This is stupid.
- I'm done talking to her.
Who gonna take me home, Nev?
- [Nev] We can, we can...
someone can take you home.
- [Cece] I'm ready to go.
I'm done with this (beep), man.
- [Male] Hey Alfred.
(dramatic music)
- [Alfred] (beep) what the (beep)?
- [Nev] Who is this?
- It's Antonnio.
- [Alfred] What are you doing here?
- [Antonnio] I heard
"Catfish" was in town.
- [Alfred] What that got to do with you?
- Why are they here?
- Get in your car, go home.
- So you really going to leave?
- Get in your car and go home.
- Can I talk to you over there?
- Why?
- For five minute?
- For what?
- So I can talk to you.
I don't need everybody
else in my business.
I don't need that.
- [Cami] Hold on, hold on, hold on.
- [Antonnio] No, why are they here?
- [Nev] It's all right, why
don't you go back inside
and I'll explain to Antonnio
what we're doing here.
- You're Antonnio.
- Yeah.
- I'm Cami, nice to meet you.
- [Alfred] This is what
I was telling y'all.
It's like, you see what I'm saying?
- [Nev] I understand.
He's probably just jealous and upset.
- He's always (beep) jealous.
That's what I'm talking about.
- It is Alfred's business...
But...
we're just...
we're here to help.
- This is a perfect
opportunity to just say
you know what,
- I told y'all
- I don't need that.
- I told y'all.
- Yeah but, you don't need that anymore.
- It's not your responsibility.
So why don't you go out there
and let him know how you feel?
- What do you have to say?
- Why are you bringing "Catfish" out here?
Am I not good enough for you?
Like, why you trying to meet somebody
that you don't even know?
- Look at this bull (beep)
that you pulling right now.
You hear something from
Sanfra and you coming at me.
- It's been five years.
Five years is a long ass time for you to
throw it away on somebody
you don't even know?
- And it's all been you
it's been about you.
- [Antonnio] But you don't
even know this person.
- It doesn't matter.
- It'd be different if
you knew this person,
but you don't even know this person.
- [Alfred] So that's my point
- So you're going to leave me
over somebody that you don't even know.
- You damn right I would.
- That's stupid as hell.
- and, what you going to do about it
- That's crazy as (beep)
- You look dumb as hell.
- [Alfred] And that's fine
- [Antonnio] You look dumb as hell.
- [Alfred] Okay.
- And the reason why you
can't find this person
is because I'm Adonis, bitch.
(dramatic music)
Yes, I am Adonis.
- Bitch!
(shriek)
- [Cami] Oh my god.
Stop guys, no, no, no, no, no.
(dramatic music)
(muffled speaking)
- Nev, please let me get up
Nev let me get up,
- [Cami] It's not worth it.
- He better be lying, y'all.
- He better be lying.
He better be lying.
- [Nev] Hold on, hold
on, hold on one second.
- He better be lying bro.
(sad music)
(sobbing)
- Sit with me.
- I'm tired of him.
- Take a seat, sit with me.
- I'm tired, Nev.
Nev, I'm tired.
- Let's take a second, all right.
- (gasp) He better be lying, Nev.
- We're not going to
get anywhere right now.
Everyone's upset.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
That (beep) is crazy.
He's mad at me because
he's been cheatin' on me.
This is just too much.
I can't talk, I'm bout to go.
I can't do this.
- Please get home safely.
- I am.
(car door shuts)
- I just want to know, is he lying?
- Do you want me to go ask him that?
- Please,
- Can you just stay here for a minute?
- Find out if he's lying, please.
- All right, just wait for me one second,
right here, okay?
(suspenseful music)
- [Cami] He says he needs to leave.
- Did you talk to him at all?
- Yeah, I did, but he doesn't wanna...
- Hey, just really fast, is it true,
you said at the very end,
right before you guys
started fighting that you are Adonis.
- I am Adonis.
- That's true?
- That's true.
- So you made the profile?
- Yes.
- And it's been you talking
to him the whole time?
Why did you do that?
- I needed facts.
- In terms of him like, cheating?
- So cheating on me, so
talking to other people
behind my back, I needed facts.